ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Previously on "Dance Moms."
ABBY: All of you have the
opportunity to come and see me
in LA.
Maddie came out.
KELLY: She's going to die
alone with no friends.
I'm sure you wish I would
die in a car accident too.
CHRISTI: You saw how much time
she spent on Maddie and
Mackenzie.
Chloe didn't even
learn her dance.
ANNOUNCER: First runner
up is Miss Maddie.
-She was crying.
-Thank you.
Screw you! You know what?
You're always against me.
I'm done. I'm so over it.
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Coming
up on "Dance Moms."
ABBY: This week, you will be
performing in the annual dance
concert.
Now, something else is going on.
We're going to throw in a photo
shoot.
Shush the beak.
Stop it. Since when does
your ass go on my stage?
If you think Christi and Kelly
are going to make your kid a
star,
by all means, go.
Pick which side you're on.
KELLY: Never, in 40 years of
being in Abby Lee Dance Company
has anyone been given a solo
the day of the [bleep] recital?
ABBY: She's going to crap all
over me and talk to me that way
in front of my
customers? No way.
[theme music playing]
LYRICS: Get up.
Get on the floor.
My world is with my girls,
living on the dance floor.
[music playing]
ABBY: Come on. Let's go!
This is a busy week.
We have lots to do. Let's go.
This week is going to be more
hectic and stressful than ever.
This is the week of the
Abby Lee Dance Company's
annual dance concert.
I need these kids to be focused,
because we have a lot to get
done.
Let's get to the pyramid.
I want to get through it
quickly.
We have a very, very
busy week ahead of us.
We were the overall
high score winning group.
Give yourselves a
round of applause.
[clapping]
[music playing]
LYRICS: Beating in my heart,
choking on the darkness.
ABBY: Paige, you knew
that was coming, right?
Why?
[music playing]
Just like Maddie's
costume fallout?
Paige made a tiny mistake
in the group dance,
and Abby puts her at the
bottom of the pyramid.
Maddie's strap came off of her
apron, and she didn't even get
in trouble.
As a matter of fact,
Abby laughed at her.
LYRICS: And then
you kissed me, and--
LYRICS: Call me up
after a bad day of work.
I am tired of Abby
mistreating my kids.
And I'm not going to let her
do it anymore.
Did you forget part
of your dance? No.
So it was the costume falling
off, right? Paige, do you want
to be here?
Because your mother is still
making excuses for you.
No, I'm not. You made that
excuse for Maddie, so I was
making it for Paige.
Paige screwed up the whole group
number in front of a live
audience.
And we won.
Maddie, just drop and do 20 push
-ups. Kelly will feel better.
Go ahead. You're punished.
KELLY: It has nothing to do with
Maddie.
ABBY: You're pushed for your
costume. KELLY: I'm talking
about you.
Every week the moms seem to be
mad at me and Maddie for
something that's happened.
I'm sorry that Abby treats us
better than you guys, but it's
not my fault.
ABBY: Go.
KELLY: Maddie, please don't.
ABBY: Keep going. Go, Maddie.
Give me 20.
Your costume was your fault. You
should've known it was loose
backstage.
You should have had somebody pin
it. I am sick and tired of
fighting with Kelly.
This has been going
on for over a decade.
She brings her kids to
me to learn new things,
to become better dancers,
and then she fights with me.
You know what?
I don't care anymore, Kelly.
All right. Paige, you're on the
bottom of the pyramid, because
you were perfect.
Moving on.
[clapping]
Brooke, you're next, because
you were next to perfect.
[clapping]
ABBY: And now we have Kendall.
I saw an opening turn
that wasn't flawless.
[music playing]
The rest of the
dance, you were great.
And next, I have Nia.
You never roll your eyes.
You're never upset.
Your mother never has to say
anything about the solos.
That's good, but I want more.
I want you to come
out and be a star.
And next, we have Asia.
Asia, you were not here
last week to perform,
because you were
rehearsing for a charity event.
ABBY: I think it's wonderful
for you to do charity events.
However, charity begins at home.
And this is now your home.
Really, Asia shouldn't be higher
than any of the kids
who performed in
the group dance.
Why should she get a
spot above all these kids
who were here over the break,
every day that they could be,
and performed for you?
That makes no sense.
KELLY: And she was training
with another-- another teacher.
ABBY: She was doing a--
KRISTIE: A choreographer.
You just told us in there
you had training all week.
Choreogra-- and so what--
KELLY: Training all week.
Let me get this straight.
My daughter, whether she's here,
whether she's in a different
country,
she's going to train
with choreographers.
She's not going to have
downtime doing meet and greets.
OK. Then she shouldn't be
part of our team.
Doing meet and greets. She
should be training instead of
doing meet and greets.
I would love to take my
kids training somewhere else.
Well, then go take them to a
choreographer when you're in--
-instead of doing meet and
greets. -You don't understand,
we're not allowed.
We're not allowed.
KRISTIE: I feel bad for you.
-We're not allowed.
-Am I full of [bleep], moms?
-Please, somebody say something.
-Get over it. It just happens.
It happens here. It happens
there. It happens everywhere.
Some things never change.
Asia is training. She's not
sitting and playing in LA.
She is training with
choreographers, and I think
that really bothers the moms
that they kind of live in a
bubble.
And they don't take the
initiative and keep the girls
training on their breaks.
Next on the pyramid,
we have Chloe.
You were challenged with hip
hop. You were fourth overall
high score.
[music playing]
But you need to put more effort
in. You need to be the best you
can be.
And I don't see that.
CHRISTI: Did Abby seriously say
that Chloe needed to try harder
last week?
Are you kidding me? Maybe you
need to offer some, I don't
know, hip hop classes.
Next, Maddie.
It kills me that you're
not on top of this pyramid,
because I thought that
your solo was outstanding.
And I was glad to see you
tapping again. But you still got
second.
And on top of the
pyramid is Mackenzie.
[clapping]
Mackenzie had a clean landing.
She went out on stage.
She did what she
was supposed to do.
ANNOUNCER: And your highest
scoring elite mini soloist is
Miss Mackenzie
with act number 11,
"California Adventure."
Congratulations,
you guys. Great job.
ABBY: I always say, it's tough
getting to the top,
but it's even tougher
staying there.
Turn and look to your right.
You going to let that girl
show up and take over?
That didn't look very confident.
Time will tell.
KRISTIE: Thanks for keeping
the seat warm, Kenzie, but
Asia's back,
and she'll be up top next week.
This week we are not
traveling anywhere.
You will be performing in
the annual dance concert.
Now this is a rough week for all
involved. You're going to have
quick changes.
You're going to have
numbers back to back.
You're used to lounging around
all day and getting up there for
one number.
Well, that ain't it,
kid. That ain't it.
The week of the showcase is
always the most stressful week
of the whole season.
So much going on, a total
of maybe 28 to 30 numbers.
As a parent, you can't forget
any part of the costume.
Kids can't forget their
choreography. It's a lot of
work-- a lot of stress.
Let's get to the assignments.
Everybody will be doing a solo.
However, most of you
will be doing old solos.
Paige, you have a new solo,
so the pressure is on.
I think that Paige
needs a new number.
None of Paige's solos
have really stood out.
So we're going to let Paige do a
new routine, and Kelly should
appreciate it,
because I'm taking time out of
my week to spend with her kid.
You will be doing a
jazz gymnastic routine.
So I need you totally
focused on the task at hand.
KELLY: Abby always complains
that Paige is like a step behind
the girls
in the group dances. So why
would she give her a new dance?
ABBY: All right. I'm going to do
something a little bit
different.
Brooke, I am giving you
an amazing opportunity.
You are going to sing your big
hit song, "Summer Love Song"
live.
[clapping]
I thought it would be a nice
treat for the audience to hear
Brooke sing
"Summer Love Song" live.
And Kelly should be grateful.
The group routine is called
Sugar Babies. I need you to hit
it hard.
Just in case we don't have
enough work to do the week of
our big show,
we're going to throw
in a photo shoot.
You are doing an editorial
campaign for the magazine "Dance
Track."
this is the first time that
"Dance Track" magazine has
interviewed kids.
And one is going to be chosen
for the cover of the digital
magazine.
Spread apart. Let's
go. Let's get working.
We're going to start the group
dance first so we're going to
redo the entrance.
[music playing]
Girls, listen to me. Remember,
this is one of my favorite
Broadway shows.
Do not mess it up out there.
The group routine is Sugar
Babies.
It's sassy. It's fun.
They look adorable.
And there's some comic relief.
The girls come out in these
big, sloppy overcoats.
They look like bums.
[humming]
Like it's funny.
Put your hands on each other.
Like lay on each other like
you're exhausted, like you
always are anyway.
And they whip those overcoats
off, and underneath
they have white
ruffles, pink sugar.
It is adorable.
They look like cotton candy.
We have a lot to work on with
the group routine, so I don't
need any drama.
I just want to make sure
that I'm not losing my mind.
Do you guys agree with me with
the things that I said to Abby
in pyramid?
CHRISTI: Oh, I was giving you
a preach, sista in my head.
OK. Because I don't want to
think that like I'm the only one
that thinks any of these things.
I was proud of you.
ABBY: After the way her mother
talked to me today, there is no
way
that kid's being in the front
in the middle of this number.
She always says everyone is
terrible except for Maddie and
Asia.
But the other five girls, she
has nothing nice to say about
those kids, ever.
KELLY: Nothing I said wasn't
true. I'm sick of Abby always
dumping on my kids
and glorifying Maddie. I'm
excited that Abby is giving
Brooke the opportunity
to sing at the showcase this
year, but I don't understand
why she's giving
Paige a new solo.
Like she always has to give
a negative with a positive.
I'm sorry. I can't sit back and
let a woman say that to my
children,
and me not defend my children.
GIANNA: I think Kelly
is taking it very personally
that Paige has to learn
new choreography this week.
This is a great opportunity
for Paige to learn a new solo.
And Brooke gets to sing in
front of all her friends.
And you know what? She's going
to stop giving them to her
if Kelly keeps complaining.
A recital is doing past dances.
I-- I can't bite my tongue and
do that. I've tried. My daughter
is not doing it.
I want Abby to give my kids
opportunities. I ask for them
all the time.
But I want them to be
a fair opportunity.
Having a child learn a solo the
week of the recital, not a fair
opportunity.
Nobody does that.
[music playing]
What's up?
ABBY: Those two behave like they
behave, the screaming, the
disrespect
to my faculty and to me,
is not going to go on.
I am still angry about Kelly's
behavior at pyramid yesterday.
I don't need Kelly and Christi
acting up during my annual dance
concert.
This is a big week for us.
And I want these mothers to know
I will not put up with any mom
crap.
I don't get why you are
offensive at what I say to your
kid,
but you don't get upset
about your kid hearing
what Kelly and
Christi are saying.
Why is that OK?
HOLLY: Abby has a point.
Last year, Kelly did pull Paige
and Brooke from the recital.
Look, it's none
of your business--
-OK, Kelly.
-What I do with my kids.
-You know what? You're a liar.
-Let's go. Let's go and--
-You bring him here.
-Let's go now.
I'm not following you.
Bring them right here.
I will bring them in here.
And you know Abby
is your best friend.
Oh, [bleep] you.
-Kelly, where are you going?
-I'm going to go home.
-What about Brooke?
-I'm not doing it.
You don't want anything like
that happening again this year.
ABBY: So what I'm saying is
why aren't you fighting against
them
instead of fighting against me?
If you think Christi and Kelly
are going to make your kid a
star,
by all means, go.
Pick which side you're on.
I'm going to do what
I always have done.
The side I'm going to pick
as Maddie, McKenzie side.
[music playing]
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
The annual dance concert
is a huge production for
the Abby Lee Dance Company.
We are the cutting edge dance
studio in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania.
Push! Sharper, harder.
Don't look like you're
on the stage dancing.
Our show is almost like a
Broadway show. I don't want
anybody messing it up.
There's one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight kids in
this room
that can't remember
what they did yesterday.
Yesterday!
Do you think Abby's different
during recital week than
competition weeks?
Uh, yeah. She's worse.
You know what I don't like about
recital? Abby's producing this
mega show,
and it's just the stress
of something could go wrong.
And what if it's your kid?
And it could be something
so simple, so minor,
and it gets blown
out of proportion.
Because until it's over, and
they take that final bow, I
can't breathe.
[music playing]
OK.
CHRISTI: So this will
be Asia's first recital.
-Oh, really?
-Mm-hm.
So what am I going to be
in for for this recital?
Is it going to be cray cray?
[laughs]
It is. It's like you just kind
of have to stay out of the way
and just,
because there's a lot of
running. And there's a lot of
screaming.
ABBY: Asia, you're up.
You walk over there and
get ready for the dance.
This is Asia's very first
dance concert with us.
It's the very first time that
everybody's going to see her get
on stage and perform.
Turn your foot out that
you're standing on.
[salsa music playing]
[inaudible]
ABBY (VOICEOVER): Are they going
to welcome her with open arms?
I hope so.
Because in the dance world,
there is only one first
impression.
OK. You understand? Yes?
And you need to be spectacular.
All right. See you, sista.
[clap]
See ya.
One solo down, seven more to go.
Today is going to be a busy day.
Each girl's solo has been
specifically selected
to entertain the audiences.
I want everybody to shine.
These girls need to do their
best moves, their best routines.
I want to see everybody
do their very best.
That's what the dance
concert is all about.
(SINGING) In that
record, around and round,
'cause I can't get enough
of that summer sound.
ABBY: All right. Let's get Paige
in here and find out what's
going on.
What's the deal with the solo?
It's time for the last solo
rehearsal of the day, and it's
Paige.
I told you in pyramid that you
were doing a solo. Everybody
clapped.
Now you don't want
to do the dance.
Your mother doesn't want you to
do the dance. I don't know
what's going on.
I've heard some grumblings about
Kelly not being happy that Paige
has a new solo.
Well, Kelly is never
really happy, is she?
Every single week we go to a
competition, and everybody
learns a new dance.
In a new solo, if you forget
what to do, if you mess up,
nobody knows but your teachers.
Kelly would rather Paige do one
of her old solos that she can't
remember
and never did well to begin
with. So what's the point?
Let her do something
that's new, simple, easy,
and she looks gorgeous doing it.
Let Paige go out on stage
and shine, Kelly.
You just have to
tell me right now,
are we doing a new number that
you're doing on Sunday, or are
you not?
[ominous music playing]
I thought I was
doing an old number.
ABBY: I just gave Paige
a golden opportunity,
but Paige would
rather play it safe.
Big mistake, kid. Big.
[music playing]
I said that I would rather do
"Get Up, Get Loud, and Get
Tough"
because I've practiced
it and it's better.
I don't feel like Paige should
have to go up on stage and do a
new solo.
If she's the only one
picked to do a new solo,
and she's not
comfortable with it,
I think she should be able to do
an old one, just like everybody
else is.
-You do whatever you
want to do, Peanut.
-OK.
-OK?
If that's what you want
to do, that's what you do.
[music playing]
ABBY: The big day for
the annual dance concert
is fast approaching,
and some of these kids
have never performed for that
many people in their life.
This is going to be a big day.
OK, girls. Thank you. Dismissed.
You want to exit stage
left, prop stage right.
This group routine is a mess.
They have a lot of cleaning to
do.
But right now, there's another
issue I have to take care of.
Paige was chosen in
pyramid to do a new solo.
She would prefer not to do a new
solo. So I'm offering it to
somebody else.
Would anybody else like
to do a new number?
CHRISTI: Wait. Did Abby just
pull Paige's solo from this
recital?
Someone raise their hand.
Maddie, you have your
"Survivor" number that you
learned?
Oh, yeah.
Abby really wants Maddie
to do her solo, "Survivor."
She's never done it in
Pittsburgh, and Abby wants some
new numbers.
So if Paige doesn't want to
do a new solo, Maddie can.
[inaudible].
KELLY: I love how
you volunteered her.
You notice whenever you asked
people, nobody volunteered?
She did not volunteer.
You volunteered her.
When any one of these kids
were asked to do a new solo,
none of them chose to.
-That's all I have to say.
-Right.
They didn't. So
let's do it again.
And I'm going to ask again, and
then you say, me. I'll do
"Survivor."
Would anyone like to take
the place and do a solo?
Anybody?
-Maddie, what?
KELLY: Never in 40 years of
being in the Abby Lee Dance
Company
has anyone been given a solo
the day of the [bleep] recital!
ABBY: Kelly, you're out.
-Ever!
You're out. Call the police.
KELLY: I'm done.
-Get her out of here.
KELLY: This whole
thing just isn't fair.
If Abby wants to play her games,
that's fine.
But me and my girls are leaving.
ABBY: Get her out of here.
-Please. Take me. Let's go.
ABBY: Get her out of this
auditorium. -Let's go. Let's go.
ABBY: You're finished.
You're out. Goodbye.
KELLY: Thank you.
[music playing]
CHRISTI: OK, let me--
I'm going to call Kelly and see
if she's planning on coming.
I really think Kelly made a
mistake by walking out on our
dance concert.
This is a huge opportunity for
Brooke, and I would love to see
her sing.
I'm really sad for her.
We're here at the studio
with all of the moms.
We were just wondering
if you were coming today.
Are you planning on coming
at all for the recital?
I really do expect
Kelly to be back.
I really think that she'll
be back for the showcase.
She won't do this to her kids.
ABBY: Hello.
-Hello.
-Cute!
-Whoa.
I ordered all the girls
brand new warm-ups, free of
charge.
This is my new dancewear line,
and my new cover-up line.
It's like loungewear,
streetwear, dancewear.
Those are cute.
HOLLY: They do appreciate it.
-I like the jackets.
CHRISTI: Abby giving the girls
the whole dancewear line
isn't about giving them a gift.
It's more about turning them
into dancing billboards,
because you know, isn't it all
about making Abby more money?
Girls, with Paige and Brooke
out, it's just everybody has to
work harder.
I have to re-block
the entire group number.
Once again, everybody
else is working
while Paige and Brooke
don't have to work.
Kendall, you need to arch
over that [inaudible] right.
You're never moving your body
and your head. Move it.
Jazz hands.
I think what really
set Kelly over the edge
was the fact that Abby offered
up a solo and nobody took it.
MOM: Not one person.
And then she said, Maddie,
you're going to do this solo.
Who wants a solo?
And then Maddie raised her hand.
But Maddie was the only one
who had a solo to give up.
-Right. Right.
-But Abby said, Maddie, raise
your hand.
-Do your new solo.
-Exactly.
CHRISTI: It wasn't Maddie
who was making the decision for
her.
-Right. And that's what Abby
does. CHRISTI: At the expense of
Kelly's kids.
Kelly freaking out and
leaving, it's new to me,
but talking to the other moms,
it's like getting your tires
rotated.
You do it once a year.
ABBY: All right. One more time,
and we're going.
So pray Asia does it right.
Five, six, seven, go.
Drag, ball, change.
Twist, twist, twist.
And that's great.
Very impressed with you, Chloe.
CHRISTI: You know,
it really is nice to hear Abby
say something complimentary
towards Chloe.
And it's amazing that
those couple little words
will probably go so far
with her self-esteem.
I'm going upstairs.
CHRISTI: That makes me sad
that Brooke and Paige are not
dancing.
-Is this the beginning of the
end? -No.
I think the team
is falling apart a little bit,
but we always come
back together.
Abby was pretty pissed.
I mean, Kelly has put her
through the wringer a lot.
-It goes both ways.
-Woo.
All Kelly had to do was
say, OK, Brook can sing,
and Paige will do a new solo.
Jill, here I am, up on
the observation mezzanine.
I don't want to be
there with these moms,
and I certainly don't want to
overhear what they have to say.
But I'm going to let Jill
know that she is in the show.
I am giving you the
opportunity of a lifetime.
OK.
You will be performing in the
Sunday matinee at 12:00 noon.
JILL: OK.
ABBY: We need to block your
entrance and your exit.
JILL: I am so
excited for my duet.
I'm doing a tango number
with my old friend, Jimmy
from Night and Day Dance Studio.
I walk in. I walk half way.
And then I look back, and
then we start our tango,
and then we do a dip.
So right now, your
butt's to the audience.
Well, it's like this.
And then I come
around. And then I--
[clap clap]
He comes up and then we--
ABBY: Watch, Jill, because your
arm fat jiggles when you do
that.
JILL: I'm the first to say
I need to lose a little weight,
but it's kind of comical to have
Abby yelling at me about my arm
fat jiggling.
[laughing]
When I clap, I'm trying not to
give the--
[clap clap]
ABBY: All right. Thank you.
[music playing]
ABBY: We're here at the photo
shoot for "Dance Track"
magazine,
and one of them is going to be
selected to be on the cover.
This has Maddie's name
written all over it.
SANDRA: We are so excited to be
here. Everybody is going to give
me what? 100%?
-110.
-Thank you.
ABBY: Whoever wins the cover
is going to have a lot of people
looking at the them-- judges,
choreographers, casting agents,
directors, producers,
you name it.
It's a shame that Kelly went
berserk at the dance concert
dress rehearsal
and took her kids with her.
I could definitely see
Paige winning this cover.
I think we have
our first victim.
[clap]
Here we go.
For this photo shoot,
I've assigned each girl
a character to help them bring
life and energy to their
pictures.
Chloe is the rebel rocker.
[yell]
PHOTOGRAPHER: Oh, that's cute.
ABBY: Maddie is the teacher's
pet, of course.
PHOTOGRAPHER: Hello.
ABBY: Asia is the girl with
the big reputation, you know,
sassy.
PHOTOGRAPHER: OK.
ABBY: Kendall is the mean girl.
PHOTOGRAPHER: Ooh.
ABBY: Mackenzie is the
bookworm, the nerd.
PHOTOGRAPHER: That's pretty.
ABBY: And Nia is the athlete.
She's portraying a gymnast.
Seeing the girls
in their element, dressed,
having fun in front
of the camera, it's fun.
It's a shame that Brooke and
Paige aren't here to enjoy this
experience.
Abby, I have a feeling since
this happened last year at
recital, that Paige and Brooke
will be back.
No. She quit.
She's going to crap all over me
and talk to me that way in front
of my customers?
No way. I cannot allow that.
I will not allow that.
I was a fool for letting these
moms coerce me into taking Kelly
back.
Kelly is more concerned with
herself than she is with any
needs of her child.
She's not going to be
wasting my time anymore.
[music playing]
Today is the day. The annual
dance concert has finally
arrived.
It's so exciting. We
have a red carpet.
You can feel the excitement in
the air. We are expecting 1,300
people.
It's a sold-out crowd.
When they hit that stage,
there better be
electricity in the air.
This is going to be fabulous.
[music playing]
-Hi.
-Oh, there's the star.
Hey.
-Hello, ladies.
-Hi.
-How is everybody?
-Good.
-We're good. How are you?
-Good. this is a big day--
big, big day.
Everybody has a solo.
Asia's back. She has a solo.
And Maddie, I think you
stepped up to the plate,
and you're going to do some new
material that nobody has seen
yet.
MELISSA: Maddie has a lot on
her plate today. She has two
solos.
She has her original tap solo
and her new solo, "Survivor,"
that is replacing Paige's spot.
And you have a new group
routine, "Sugar Babies."
it's fun. It's comic relief.
This is the best opportunity
for these girls to shine.
At this point in the season,
they should be at their peak.
I almost forgot about this
whole photo shoot thing.
-I know it's a big deal for you
guys. -Oh, these children
haven't forgotten.
ABBY: Oh, I know. I know
they haven't forgotten about it.
So I found Sandra.
[cheering]
Hey.
ABBY: Come on.
-Ah!
-All right.
Abby doesn't even know
who's on the cover.
I don't.
So we came to the Abby Lee Dance
Company specifically to find
our very first cover person that
will be a professional child
dancer.
It's pretty big. So I would like
to congratulate the winner,
and announce the next cover
of "Dance Track" magazine.
And the winner is--
[drum roll]
[cheering]
Yay, Kendall!
Yay.
Oh, that's really cool.
JILL: I have to say I am truly
shocked that Kendall won.
Not that she wouldn't be good at
it, or be amazing and beautiful,
just the fact that Maddie and
Mackenzie always seem to get
that special part.
I was really surprised
that it was Kendall.
ABBY: [inaudible].
"Dance Track," thank
you so much, Sandra.
-Thank you.
-I appreciate it.
You know, thank you, Sandra.
ABBY: All right, girls.
So quick changes,
"Sugar Babies," your solos.
Some of you have duets.
Some of you have trios. Break a
leg. Go. We're going to be late.
[audience cheering]
CHRISTI: The girls have so
much pressure this week,
because this is Abby's big
annual showcase recital.
And she wants everything
to be perfect.
[sigh]
Here we go. Lights.
[anticipatory music]
[drum roll]
We're ready. Pull curtain.
[music playing]
[applause]
Woo!
[cheering]
[music playing]
[applause]
Woo!
[cheering]
[music playing]
[applause]
[cheering]
[music playing]
ABBY: This has been a great day.
The kids better do what
they were taught to do.
[music playing]
Pants are on backwards.
[laughs]
Asia walks right on stage, and I
find out her costume's on wrong.
[clapping]
[salsa music playing]
[scream]
[clapping]
So right now, I'm not sure how
Abby is going to respond to
this,
or even if she knew.
But this could be the end of me
and Asia, or she can say, Asia
did amazing.
I didn't even know her
pants were on wrong.
[clapping]
[music playing]
LYRICS: Whoa.
Sometimes I feel like there's
nowhere to go but down.
Well, I'll survive-- survive.
[clapping]
And I'll
be the one to survive.
[cheering]
[anticipatory music]
Take the house to half.
Take the house to half, Jess.
"Sugar Babies" is a fun number.
The girls really get to express
themselves and have fun out
there onstage.
I think they've pulled it
together as a team,
in spite of Brooke and
Paige being absent.
Places.
[applause]
[music playing]
LYRICS: When you've
lost your taste,
and you've got a sweet tooth,
and your [inaudible] just craves
all that syrupy mousse,
and your bear heart is on the
cart,
I've got a menu for you.
When you're [inaudible] and
you're filled with [inaudible],,
and there's no sweet tea-- just
some crab apple juice,
where a work of art is not so
tart, we've got a dessert just
for you.
We're your candy
girls in a sour world
where your pastries
are dream honeymoon.
[cheering]
Woo!
ABBY: The rest of the girls have
really stepped up to the plate.
And now it's Mackenzie's time.
Mackenzie, Mackenzie, where are
you going? Where are you going?
Right before she goes onstage,
Mackenzie comes to me
and says that she
forgets her dance.
You forget a part of your solo?
What is it? What is it?
There's nothing I can do.
Her music is playing,
and she has to enter.
You've got to improv.
You've got to go.
[inaudible]
Mackenzie, Mackenzie, where are
you going? Where are you going?
-Mackenzie, you don't go that
way.
You forget a part? What is it?
What's it? Are we waiting for
her?
[inaudible].
You've got to improv. You've got
to go. You got to go. You're
holding up those--
No, no, no. Don't go that way.
Let's just open the curtain.
Put her out there. Get
out there and pose.
We have to go curtain. And I
don't know what's going on with
her.
[cheering]
[music playing]
LYRICS: I'm not boys like you.
No, no. I know just what you do.
And I'm not falling for you--
falling for you.
I know about boys like you.
Stay out til the sun
comes shining through.
I know about boys like you.
Oh, no. Boys like you.
No, no. I know just what you do.
You know I can play games too.
You should know
that girls like me
don't fall for boys like you.
[cheering]
MACKENZIE: I was really
scared that I forgot my dance,
but when I went onstage and
heard the music, it all came
back to me.
What was all that
hysteria about?
CHRISTI: Jill where's
your dance mom?
JILL: You can be my
dance mom, Christi.
-Just don't scream at me.
- Point your feet.
-[laughs] Don't yell.
-Point your feet. Point your
feet.
Don't yell. Like
don't make me cry.
I'm a little nervous
about being on stage
with all of these
amazing dancers around me.
I don't want to screw
up Abby's showcase,
and I really don't want
to embarrass my children.
(WHISPERING)
Jill, don't screw my show up.
[laughs]
Your boobs just better not
be bouncing around out there.
(WHISPERING)
I swear.
[clapping]
ANNOUNCER: For our
graduating class of 2013.
And curtain. Go.
[cheering]
[tango music playing]
[music continues]
Whoo!
[applause]
Oh, my God. Get the
hell off the stage.
And all of your dreams
have now come true.
Ah. Oh, my God.
Go. [snap] Go.
[clapping]
All right. Get them
off. I'm coming over.
Get them off. Wait
til they're off.
Idiots.
You get Tweedledee and
Tweedledum coming out there,
trying to have their
moment in the spotlight,
ruining my production.
Jill, never again are you
dancing in my show.
What are you doing out
there? Showboating?
No. Just giving her roses.
I know, but since when
does your ass go on my stage?
So listen to me, ladies,
you're here as mom.
CHRISTI: OK. We're
done. Yes. We're done.
Let's get the kids ready, and
let's do the show the way it was
rehearsed.
And you can blame Kelly
for all this mess--
her mouth.
CHRISTI: My God, Abby,
put a sock in it.
We walk on stage and crown Jill.
It's not like we ruined your
show.
I think people liked it.
[clapping]
[music playing]
[laughs]
I think that the dance concert
was a smashing success.
It was a great performance.
It was injury-free.
Everybody had a good time.
I'm sure if there's any critics
in the audience,
that they would have
to give us a thumbs up.
Pittsburgh just got a
little taste of Hollywood.
[clapping]
[yelling]
[cheering]
ABBY: Thank you.
ANNOUNCER: And that's the end
of our show. We'll see you next
year.
[cheering]
ABBY: [inaudible].
Feels good to be done.
That's for store. Whew.
-Oh, I know.
-Yay.
-What a day. What a day.
-Kind of survived that one.
Woohoo.
[cheering]
Oh, thanks, guys.
[interposing voices]
-Yeah, you did well.
-I was like-- I was--
-I was surprised. [laughs]
-Wait, wait.
-Did I look good onstage?
-Well, looked goodish.
Goodish. OK. Well, I'll take it.
-How was Maddie's solo today?
-It was beautiful.
I've never seen it before,
so I got to see it.
I think it was-- it's evident
that Maddie did that because of
Abby.
I mean Abby volunteered her up,
and said Maddie, this is what
you're going to do.
CHRISTI: But I think that
that's why Kelly was upset.
Abby made a point to volunteer
Maddie and say, you'll step up
to the plate.
And she just said, once again,
you're making my kids look
subpar,
and Maddie look like
that she's above everyone else.
-Have you talked to Kelly?
-Um, I called her.
Is she mad at you?
You know, I said, Kelly,
it wasn't Maddie's fault.
No, I did nothing wrong.
CHRISTI: Well, I think Kelly
thought that you should have
stopped it.
-Because Kelly is mad.
-Oh, she is?
CHRISTI: Yeah. But she wanted
her to step-- no. No, no, no.
She wanted Melissa to
step in and say, no.
You know what? My daughter did
what she did, and I think
any of the other kids
would have did the same thing.
[music playing]
-Hey.
-Hi, girls.
Hey, sugar babies.
[interposing voices]
One, two, three, four!
Well, you guys-- you guys.
How do you think the show was?
GIRLS: Great.
-Yay. [clapping]
Congratulations. You
did an excellent job.
Um, there's a few, you know,
things I want to go over.
Asia, you did an entire routine
with your pants on backwards.
But don't laugh. It's not funny.
Someone is dressing you,
and I understand that.
I always check her, and in the
circumstances, I didn't even
know.
You're not sitting in the
audience. You're backstage.
-You're in that quick-change
room. -Yeah. I'm looking at a
list that says--
it says her name on 18.
-I popped her into Brooke's
spot. -But no one told me.
Well, wait. She only
has two numbers.
OK, these kids did like 15,
and they all had their pants
on straight. Just saying.
Now, I want the name of who put
that costume on you backwards.
It was my responsibility.
Thank you, Asia.
It's what she wants to hear.
Thank you for ending that.
CHRISTI: Chloe dropped her hat
onstage, suspended for a month.
Asia has her costume on
backwards, and it's, haha, no
big deal.
Now-- now, here is the
question of the day.
-Is Jill going to be on the
pyramid? -No, no. No.
She said she'll give you a head
shot. She's going to bring it.
-She has a head shot.
-She's going to bring it.
Say what you will about Abby,
but she does put on a good show.
And I really have to
applaud Kelly for passing up
all of the opportunities her
kids had this week at the
recital to prove a point.
I really do hope Kelly comes
back, because without her, I'm
on my own.
[music playing]
ABBY (VOICEOVER):
Next on "Dance Moms."
This week, we will be attending
"Believe" in Lancaster,
Pennsylvania.
The Wicked Witch from
the West will be there.
All of you have come
highly recommended.
How's it going?
You will sit here and say,
that is not your seat, I want
Kelly back,
when she constantly runs out
on this team with her children.
Say, how about you take
a seat, and enjoy the show?
ABBY: (SCREAMING) If I got a
hammer, and smacked your kid in
the kneecaps,
they still wouldn't straighten.
(YELLING)
Stop! This is about dance.
-Are you people insane?
-Get the woman out of here.